Migrating from open distro data prepper (#1485)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _clients/data-prepper/migrate-open-distro.md

---
layout: default
title: Migrating from Open Distro Data Prepper
parent: Data Prepper
nav_order: 2
---

# Migrating from Open Distro Data Prepper

> Beginning with Data Prepper 1.1, there is only one distribution of Data Prepper - Open Search Data Prepper. This document helps existing users migrate from the old Open Distro Data Prepper to OpenSearch Data Prepper.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beginning with Data Prepper 1.1, there is only one distribution of Data Prepper - OpenSearch Data Prepper. This document helps existing users migrate from the old Open Distro Data Prepper to OpenSearch Data Prepper.
```

> Beginning with Data Prepper 1.1, there is only one distribution of Data Prepper - Open Search Data Prepper. This document helps existing users migrate from the old Open Distro Data Prepper to OpenSearch Data Prepper.

Reviewer 2: Could use a colon instead of dash: "... there is only one distribution of Data Prepper: OpenSearch Data Prepper."

## Change your Pipeline Configuration

> The `elasticsearch` sink has changed to `opensearch`. You will need to change your existing pipeline to use the `opensearch` plugin instead of `elasticsearch`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `elasticsearch` sink has changed to `opensearch`. Therefore, change your existing pipeline to use the `opensearch` plugin instead of `elasticsearch`.
```

> Please note that, while the plugin is titled `opensearch`, it remains compatible with Open Distro and ElasticSearch 7.x.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While the Data Prepper plugin is titled `opensearch`, it remains compatible with Open Distro and ElasticSearch 7.x.
{: .note}
```

## Update Docker Image

> The Open Distro Data Prepper Docker image was located at `amazon/opendistro-for-elasticsearch-data-prepper`. You will need to change this value to `opensearchproject/data-prepper`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In your Data Prepper Docker configuration, adjust `amazon/opendistro-for-elasticsearch-data-prepper` to `opensearchproject/data-prepper`. This change will pull down the latest Data Prepper Docker image..
```

> ## More Information

Reviewer: Let's change this header to Next Steps.
```suggestion
## Next steps
```

> You can find more information about Data Prepper configurations by going to the [Getting Started](getting_started.md) guide.

Reviewer 2: I go to this link and I don't find information about Data Prepper configurations. It takes me to the main page (the Documentation Get started page). Maybe try this link:
({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/clients/data-prepper/get-started/)

Just a suggestion:
"... by going to the [Get started with Data Prepper]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/clients/data-prepper/get-started/) page.

---
layout: default
title: Migrating from Open Distro Data Prepper
parent: Data Prepper

> nav_order: 2

Reviewer 3: Is this the left-hand menu order?

I think this is probably a fairly low-priority page as many users have already moved to OpenSearch Data Prepper. I'd suggest having it toward the bottom.

---

# Migrating from Open Distro Data Prepper

> Beginning with Data Prepper 1.1, there is only one distribution of Data Prepper: OpenSearch Data Prepper. This document helps existing users migrate from the old Open Distro Data Prepper to OpenSearch Data Prepper.

Reviewer 4: Is "the old" necessary here? I think our meaning is probably sufficiently conveyed without it.

> Beginning with Data Prepper 1.1, there is only one distribution of Data Prepper: OpenSearch Data Prepper. This document helps existing users migrate from the old Open Distro Data Prepper to OpenSearch Data Prepper.

Author: ```suggestion
Beginning with Data Prepper 1.1, there is only one distribution of Data Prepper: OpenSearch Data Prepper. This document helps existing users migrate from the Open Distro Data Prepper to OpenSearch Data Prepper.
```

> ## Change your Pipeline Configuration

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
## Change your pipeline configuration
```

The `elasticsearch` sink has changed to `opensearch`. Therefore, change your existing pipeline to use the `opensearch` plugin instead of `elasticsearch`.

While the Data Prepper plugin is titled `opensearch`, it remains compatible with Open Distro and ElasticSearch 7.x.
{: .note}

> ## Update Docker Image

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
## Update Docker image
```

> In your Data Prepper Docker configuration, adjust `amazon/opendistro-for-elasticsearch-data-prepper` to `opensearchproject/data-prepper`. This change will pull down the latest Data Prepper Docker image..

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
In your Data Prepper Docker configuration, adjust `amazon/opendistro-for-elasticsearch-data-prepper` to `opensearchproject/data-prepper`. This change will pull down the latest Data Prepper Docker image.
```

Author: Replaced "pull down" with "download" to clarify.

> In your Data Prepper Docker configuration, adjust `amazon/opendistro-for-elasticsearch-data-prepper` to `opensearchproject/data-prepper`. This change will pull down the latest Data Prepper Docker image..

Reviewer 4: Is there wording other than the phrasal verb "pull down" that we can use (something more clearly descriptive)?

## Next steps

> You can find more information about Data Prepper configurations by going to the [Getting Started with Data Prepper]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/clients/data-prepper/get-started/) page.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
For more information about Data Prepper configurations, see [Getting Started with Data Prepper]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/clients/data-prepper/get-started/).
```

> You can find more information about Data Prepper configurations by going to the [Getting Started with Data Prepper]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/clients/data-prepper/get-started/) page.

Reviewer 5: I think the link reference could be more concise. One way might be like this:

Learn more about configuring Data Prepper by visiting [Getting Started with Data Prepper]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/clients/data-prepper/get-started/).

Not a requirement though, just an idea.
